CUMULUS-3757: Update granule upsert logic to allow updating collection info (#362)
nasa/cumulus-api: content/granules.md

```

Use the [Retrieve async operation](#retrieve-async-operation) endpoint with the `id` in the response to determine the status of the async operation.

## Bulk Update Granules CollectionId

> Update a batch of existing granules' `collectionId` in postgres and ES to a new `collectionId`. Expects payload to contain a list of granules, a new collectionId to update them to, and an optional `esConcurrency` value for better tuning of elasticsearch performance. This cannot be used to create new granules, only to change existing granules' collectionId in both datastores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a batch of existing granules' linked collection (`collectionId`) in postgres and ES. Expects payload to contain a list of granules, a new collectionId to update them to, and an optional `esConcurrency` value that allows modification of concurrent Elasticsearch requests utilized by the endpoint. 

This endpoint will fail if non-existant granuleIds are provided, it can only be used to change existing granules' collectionId in both datastores.
```

Reviewer: Should we be including ES in this PR at all?     I'm asking because this is targeting `master`

Returns status 200 on successful update, 404 if the `granuleId` can not be found in the database, 
or 400 for postgres or payload validation errors.

> **Note**: If this endpoint fails, there is a high risk that the postgres and elasticsearch datastores are out of sync. It is recommended to check both datastores for the granules' that were passed in for discrepancies of their collectionIds. After discovering the discrepancies, you can either re-run the endpoint with the new payload of the unupdated granules (or the same payload) or run a manual update query in both postgres and elasticsearch to update their collectionIds.

Reviewer: Probably we should note (obviously) this is for ES enabled versions of core only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For elastic search enabled versions of Cumulus, if writes from this endpoint fail, there is a high risk that the postgres and elasticsearch datastores will be out of sync for some (but not all ) of the granuleIds requested for update. 

If a write failure occurs, the endpoint is idempotent so the operation can be re-run and should correct the discrepancy.     
```

```endpoint
PATCH /granules/bulkPatchGranuleCollection
```

#### Example request

```curl
$ curl --request PATCH https://example.com/granules/bulkPatchGranuleCollection \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer ReplaceWithTheToken' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'Cumulus-API-Version: 2' \
 --data '{

>     "apiGranules": [{

Reviewer: Is this correct?     `Expects payload to contain a list of granules`

        "granuleId": "granuleId.A20200113.006.1005",
        "collectionId: "collectionId.A20200113.006",
        "files": [...],
        "duration": 1000,
        "status": "completed"
  }, {
        "granuleId": "granuleId.A20200113.006.1006",
        "collectionId: "collectionId.A20200113.006",
        "files": [...],
        "duration": 1000,
        "status": "completed"
  },...,
    {
        "granuleId": "granuleId.A20200113.006.1100",
        "collectionId: "collectionId.A20200113.006",
        "files": [...],
        "duration": 1000,
        "status": "completed"
  }}],
    "collectionId": "collectionId.B31311224.007",
    "esConcurrency": 10,
}'
```

#### Example response

```json
{ "message": "Successfully wrote granules with Granule Id: ['granuleId.A20200113.006.1005', 'granuleId.A20200113.006.1006',...,'granuleId.A20200113.006.1100'], Collection Id: 'collectionId.B31311224.007'" }
```

## Bulk Update Granules

> Update a batch of granules.  Expects payload to contain a list of the modified

Reviewer: Consider re-writing this to not *explicitly* re-state what the patch endpoint says - we could probably reference that documentation directly instead of repeating content.

granules as the existing granule values will be overwritten by the
modified portions. Unspecified keys will be retained. Keys set to `null`
will be removed. Executions will not be disassociated from the granule via

> `null` deletion. Configuration for `dbConcurrency` and `dbMaxPool` is provided

Reviewer: Suggest: 

```
Configuration for `dbConcurrency` and `dbMaxPool` are provided <describe what they do and why
```

for improved database performance/tuning.

Returns status 200 on successful update, 201 on new granule creation, 404 if

> the `granuleId` can not be found in the database, or 400 for postgres or payload validation errors

Reviewer: Consider 

`400 for database write or validation errors` or something similar to the similar comment above

> **Note**: If this endpoint fails, there is a high risk that some of the granules' updated while others didn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please Note**: If this endpoint fails on granule update for a batch, some of the batched granules may not be updated.  This endpoint does not provide granular update results for each granule (as a feature design boundary) or other retry logic, that update is anticipated in future releases. 

If a write failure occurs, as this is an update, correct the failure and re-attempt the batch write to resolve. 
```
